PLANET: HOLZHERR
SOLAR CATEGORY: RED
We will take Elias's daughter?
The cells are completely full. right?
What do you think about my new ship?
Who are you?
What did you hit this time. Lloyd?
The watch
She's heading for the sun.
We lost the engines!
There they are
INTERPLANETARY STATION
SOLAR CATEGORY: YELLOW
Tell her
Krem has the strength of a thousand men
He will tear her to pieces.
PLANET: BILEUS
SOLAR CATEGORY: YELLOW
Excuse me. it's very crowded.
Have you guys seen him?
Is it now? I thought we had more time.
Me too. but Krypton's core is highly unstable.
It will explode in minutes.
Activate the force field.
We must leave.
Alura!
Now!
Is it him?
It's Kal-El.
Your brother declared him
conqueror of worlds.
The time has come.
Were we foolish. Zor-El?
Should we have listened to your brother?
We cannot send our daughter...
...to another planet to be some kind of god.
We preserved this for a reason.
We have to believe there is a future here.
Kara. where are you?
Tell me.
When Argo City broke away...
..it unearthed a crystalline mineral
from the depths of the planet.
Kryptonite.
The soil is poisoned.
It made all the people of Argo sick...
..and it is spreading.
Is there anything we can do?
What's that?
It’s what I have been working on.
I don’t have an antidote for any of us.
The radiation has taken hold of me too.
I won't let it reach you.
I found my brother's plans
for the escape pod.
I built one for you.
You will follow your cousin. Kal-El.
You will have a new home on Earth.
No!
This is my home.
It's my only home.
Let the radiation reach me.
I will lie on the ground next to you and Ma.
I am only one small life.
What difference does it make if I live or die?
You are not just one small life.
You are your mother's life.
You are my life.
You are our souls
unfolding into the future.
My daughter...
...this is the reason for your existence.
When I am gone...
...promise me something.
Of course. Mother.
Be good.
That doesn't mean being weak.
Nor does it mean being nice.
But you must be good.
We do not choose our path.
Your path will be one of great struggle...
...and of great purpose.
Wherever you are going. you will have great power.
Use it to protect those...
...who cannot protect themselves.
Trust in yourself...
...to know what is right.
We are with you.
Bomar. stop! She is our daughter.
we have no choice.
Bring me the girl.
Now.
The girls!
Get them!
A deal is a deal.
She must die.
PLANET: BARENTON
SOLAR CATEGORY: GREEN AND YELLOW
I don't understand what you are saying
Where am I?
Am I on Earth?
Are you Kal-El?
Krypto. behave yourself.
Be good.
Why is he in his underwear?
How can this be my home?
A dead Kryptonian...
...is a magnificent trophy.
I'm handling it.
Move your fat ass...
...and take her to Krem.
He will shut her up.
Shut up and do what you're told.
Where you are going. you will have great power.
I need you to promise me something.
Use it to protect those...
...who cannot protect themselves.